Brisbane Knights Football Club is an Australian soccer club from Rocklea, a suburb of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. The club currently plays in the Brisbane Premier League, the first tier of senior football in Brisbane (third tier in Queensland and fourth overall in Australia).

Stibo DX (formerly known as CCI Europe) is an international software company that develops and delivers multichannel content and digital asset management systems to media and brand publishers. The company is known for its CUE platform, which allows companies to create and publish content online, on smartphones, on social media, in apps, in print, and more.
Stibo DX is headquartered in Aarhus, Denmark, and has offices in Norway, Germany, the US, and Bangladesh. The company has acquired two subsidiary companies: The online news CMS developerEscenic, in 2013,and the Hamburg-based digital asset management vendor Digital Collections in April 2019. Since January 2021, all three companies are unified under the company brand Stibo DX.
Stibo DX serves a wide selection of customers worldwide, including several larger news companies in the US, Europe, India, and Australia.

Jeff Parker (born April 4, 1967) is an American guitarist and composer based in Los Angeles. Born in Connecticut and raised in Hampton, Virginia, Parker is best known as an experimental musician, working with jazz, electronic, rock, and improvisational groups. Parker studied at Berklee College of Music and then moved to Chicago in 1991.Also a multi-instrumentalist, Parker has been a member of the post-rock group Tortoise since 1996, and was a founding member of Isotope 217 and the Chicago Underground Trio in the 1990s and early 2000s. He is a member of the Association for the Advancement of Creative Musicians (AACM) and has worked with George Lewis, Ernest Dawkins, Brian Blade, Joshua Redman, Fred Anderson, Meshell Ndegeocello, Joey DeFrancesco, Smog (aka Bill Callahan), Carmen Lundy and Jason Moran. A prolific sideman, he has also released seven albums as a solo artist: Like-Coping, The Relatives, Bright Light in Winter, The New Breed, Slight Freedom, Suite for Max Brown, and Forfolks.



Wyee railway station is located on the Main Northern line in New South Wales, Australia. It serves the City of Lake Macquarie town of Wyee opening on 1 August 1892.Until the early 2000s, two sidings were located to the west of the station to serve a cement works just north of the station. Another siding was located to the east of the station. All have been removed.
In August 2020 an upgrade was complete which included three new lifts.

USS Orion (AS18) was a Fulton-class submarine tender of the United States Navy. She was laid down 31 July 1941 at the Moore Dry Dock Company, Oakland, California; launched 24 June 1942; sponsored by Mrs. Robert A. White; and commissioned 30 September 1943.