Black Lake is a lake in the municipality of Minden Hills, Haliburton County in Central Ontario, Canada. It is part of the Great Lakes Basin and lies within geographic Lutterworth Township.The lake is approximately 2 kilometres long and 1 kilometre at its widest point, and the primary inflow, at the north, and outflow, at the south, is Black Creek. Black Creek flows to Moore Lake, which drains via the Gull River, which in turn flows via the Kawartha Lakes, the Otonabee River and the Trent River to Lake Ontario. There is one named and privately owned island, Casimir Island.
Access to the lake is via two privately maintained roads leading east off of Ontario Highway 35, between the communities of Norland and Minden. There is a shared dock and approximately 100 cottages on the lake.
At the southern outflow, Black Creek offers marshy habitat to wildlife, such as loons, deer, beavers, and herons, as well as boating access to Moore Lake on the eastern side of Highway 35. At the south-eastern end, there are several cliffs.

Rechnisaurus is an extinct genus of dicynodont from the Middle Triassic (Anisian) Yerrapalli Formation of India. It contains a single species, Rechnisaurus cristarhynchus.

My Life in Food is a television show aired on the Food Network. Each episode chronicles how food affects a famous personality. Guests have included Al Roker and Jeff Henderson.

All Quiet on the Western Front (German: Im Westen nichts Neues, lit.'Nothing New in the West') is a novel by Erich Maria Remarque, a German veteran of World War I. The book describes the German soldiers' extreme physical and mental trauma during the war as well as the detachment from civilian life felt by many upon returning home from the war.
The novel was first published in November and December 1928 in the German newspaper Vossische Zeitung and in book form in late January 1929. The book and its sequel, The Road Back (1930), were among the books banned and burned in Nazi Germany. All Quiet on the Western Front sold 2.5 million copies in 22 languages in its first 18 months in print.Three film adaptations of the book have been made, each of which was lauded. The 1930 American adaptation, directed by Lewis Milestone, won two Academy Awards. The 1979 British-American adaptation, a television film by Delbert Mann, won a Golden Globe Award and an Emmy Award. The 2022 German adaptation, directed by Edward Berger, won four Academy Awards.

Songs People Actually Liked  Volume 1  The First 10 Years (19942003) is  compilation album by American rock band Bowling for Soup, released on January 27, 2015.  The compilation was completely fan-funded, as well as being released on the band's own record label like their previous albums. The band celebrates their 20th anniversary on June 4, 2014, and for a birthday present Bowling For Soup decided to re-record an album of their best and best-known songs partly in response to a "Best Of" hits released by their former record label, that was created without the band's knowledge of and or any input. The album  also contains 17 re-recordings of songs from their low-budget albums and one new song.
The next volume, Songs People Actually Liked - Volume 2, is set to release on August 25, 2023.