Flvy (French pronunciation: [flevi]; German: Flaich) is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.

Temi Le Anne Epstein (born January 6, 1975) is an American former child actress active in the middle 1980s. Her best-known movie is in Friday the 13th Part VI,  but her more remarkable role was the one of "Young Ashton Main" in the 1985 miniseries North and South.
Epstein was born Tamar Le Anne Epstein in Marietta, Cobb County, Georgia and is a graduate from Northwestern University. She is currently an SAT instructor of a Jewish community in Atlanta, Fulton County, Georgia.
She married Evan Levy on September 3, 2000.

Quinto Piso Tour was a worldwide concert tour by Guatemalan singersongwriter Ricardo Arjona, in support of his eleventh studio album, Quinto Piso.The tour visited the United States, Spain, Argentina, Guatemala, Colombia, Venezuela, Mexico, Honduras, Puerto Rico, El Salvador, Canada, Peru, Dominican Republic, Costa Rica, Panam, Chile, Uruguay, Bolivia and Paraguay. The concert had 91 shows throughout 2009 and 19 shows in 2010 for a total of 110 shows, beginning in Mexico on March 26, 2009 and ending in Bolivia on June 18, 2010.
During the first North American leg of the tour, Arjona expressed interest in singing in Cuba, showing no political commitments for the matter, a clear reference of the event colombian singer Juanes was planning on that country in 2009. Later that year, Arjona cancelled the planning of a concert in the country, and spoke heavily about Juanes' charity concert influence on the decision.The Quinto Piso Tour has been one of the most successful tours made by a Latin artist, with an attendance of more than one million people from 19 countries. Also, Arjona received in 2010 a Billboard Latin Music Award for "Latin Tour of the Year".

Death Without Dignity: The Story of the First Nursing Home Corporation Indicted for Murder is a true crime non-fiction book by American author Steven Long that was released in 1987 by Texas Monthly Press. It was Long's first book, written while he was publisher and editor of the alternative weekly newspaper In Between.

Andrea Antico (also Andrea Antico da Montona, Anticho, Antiquo) (c. 1480  after 1538) was a music printer, editor, publisher and composer of the Renaissance born in the Republic of Venice, of Istrian birth, active in Rome and in Venice.  He was the first printer of sacred music in Rome, and the earliest competitor of Venetian Ottaviano Petrucci, who is regarded as the first significant music printer.