Ripping Corpse was a death metal band formed in 1987 in Red Bank, New Jersey.

Raymond-Joseph Loenertz (10 June 1900  31 August 1976) was a medievalist from Luxembourg. He entered the Dominican Order and since 1930 worked in the Dominican Historical Institute.
His work focused on the history of the Dominican Order and the relations between the Byzantine Empire and the Latin West. He published the letters of the Byzantine theologian Manuel Kalekas (Vatican City 1950) and of the theologian and statesman Demetrios Kydones (2 vv., Vatican City 1956-1960) and, with Antonio Garzya, works by Procopius of Gaza.

The individual dressage in equestrian at the 1932 Olympic Games in Los Angeles was held at the Riviera Country Club in Pacific Palisades on 10 August. France's Xavier Lesage won the gold medal and his countrymen Charles Marion the silver. The bronze was won by Hiram Tuttle of the United States.

Beatrice is a 1919 Italian silent historical film directed by Herbert Brenon and starring Francesca Bertini. It tells the story of Dante Alighieri's love to Beatrice Portinari, loosely based on Dante's poetry. It appears to be a separate film from Brenon's 1921 film The Stronger Passion, which also had the original title of Beatrice although they may be alternative versions of the same production.

Yasmin "Yaz" Khan, is a fictional character created by Chris Chibnall and portrayed by Mandip Gill in the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who. In the show's eleventh series, starting with the first episode, Yasmin serves as a companion of the Thirteenth Doctor, an incarnation of the alien time traveller known as the Doctor (portrayed by Jodie Whittaker); she would part ways with the Doctor in "The Power of the Doctor", the Thirteenth Doctor's final episode, and was the last person with her before she regenerated on her own. She is one of just two full-time companions to be present throughout the entirety of an incarnation's tenure, the other being Rose Tyler who starred alongside Christopher Ecclestone's Ninth Doctor.  

