Kiyawa is a town and local government area in Jigawa State, Nigeria.

In condensed-matter physics, a primary knock-on atom (PKA) is an atom that is displaced from its lattice site by irradiation; it is, by definition, the first atom that an incident particle encounters in the target. After it is displaced from its initial lattice site, the PKA can induce the subsequent lattice site displacements of other atoms if it possesses sufficient energy (threshold displacement energy), or come to rest in the lattice at an interstitial site if it does not (interstitial defect).
Most of the displaced atoms resulting from electron irradiation and some other types of irradiation are PKAs, since these are usually below the threshold displacement energy and therefore do not have sufficient energy to displace more atoms. In other cases like fast neutron irradiation, most of the displacements result from higher-energy PKAs colliding with other atoms as they slow down to rest.



The MTV Australia Video Music Awards 2007 was broadcast live from Acer Arena on 29 April 2007 on MTV Australia. It was then repeated on the Ten Network on 6 May 2007.
The hosts for the awards were Fergie, along with Good Charlotte, while Sophie Monk who hosted the red carpet show and stars such as Pink and Thirty Seconds to Mars and special guest Kristin Cavallari from Laguna Beach also appeared. Also, the cast from the MTV series Dirty Sanchez presented.In the awards new categories were added such as "Best Hook Up Video", "Download of the Year" and New Zealand Viewers Choice and "Sexiest Video" has been re-introduced to the categories after its absence from the 2006 show. Also, the "Video Vanguard" award was introduced to the Australian Awards for the first time which honoured Australian band Silverchair.

The Grace Mellman Community Library (Temecula County Center Library), located in Temecula, California, is a member of the Riverside County Library System. As a full-service library, it has over 80,000 items, and offers materials, programs, and services for all ages which include guest speakers, free movie nights and a monthly book club.
To reach the children's room, students pass through a "magic tunnel", an experience shared by many first-grade students in the city.Originally known as the Temecula Branch of the Riverside County Free Library, it experienced rapid growth in its $3-million facility that was partially funded by the fund raising efforts of local citizens. In 2006, the City of Temecula opened the Temecula Public Library on Pauba Road, and with the opening of the new structure, the existing library’s name was changed to the Grace Mellman Community Library, named after Grace Mellman—the woman behind the original fund-raising effort and former president of the Friends of the Temecula Libraries. 



The 2015 German Darts Championship was the first of nine PDC European Tour events on the 2015 PDC Pro Tour. The tournament took place at Halle 39, Hildesheim, Germany, between 13–15 February 2015. It featured a field of 48 players and £115,000 in prize money, with £25,000 going to the winner.
Gary Anderson was the defending champion, having beaten Justin Pipe 6–5 in the 2014 tournament´s final, and in this year's final Michael van Gerwen won the title by beating Anderson 6–2.