The 1941 Victorian Football Association season was the 63rd season of the Australian rules football competition, and it was the last season before the Association went into recess during World War II. The premiership was won by the Port Melbourne Football Club, which defeated Coburg by 19 points in the Grand Final on 4 October. It was Port Melbourne's fifth VFA premiership, and its second in a row.

Richard Hutson (July 9, 1748  April 12, 1795) was a Founding Father of the United States and an American lawyer, judge, politician, and planter from Charleston, South Carolina. He was born in June 1747 to Rev. William Hutson and Mary Hutson (nee Woodward). His family moved to Charleston in 1756 when his father was the pastor at the Circular Congregational Church. After having been educated in Charleston as a child, he attended Princeton.In 1778 and 1779 he represented South Carolina as a delegate to the Continental Congress, where he signed the Articles of Confederation. After the British captured Charleston in 1780, he was held as a prisoner at St. Augustine, Florida, for a time. After he returned home, he served as the eighth lieutenant governor of South Carolina under Governor John Mathews in 1782 and 1783. On September 11, 1783, Hutson was elected the first intendant (mayor) of Charleston. He was re-elected on September 13, 1784, winning against Alexander Gillon by a vote of 387 to 127. After his time as intendant of Charleston, he was one of the first three chancellors of the Court of Equity of South Carolina.He is buried in a vault at the Independent Congregational (Circular) Churchyard in Charleston.

The Routing Information Protocol (RIP) is one of the oldest distance-vector routing protocols which employs the hop count as a routing metric. RIP prevents routing loops by implementing a limit on the number of hops allowed in a path from source to destination. The largest number of hops allowed for RIP is 15, which limits the size of networks that RIP can support.
RIP implements the split horizon, route poisoning, and holddown mechanisms to prevent incorrect routing information from being propagated.
In RIPv1 routers broadcast updates with their routing table every 30 seconds. In the early deployments, routing tables were small enough that the traffic was not significant. As networks grew in size, however, it became evident there could be a massive traffic burst every 30 seconds, even if the routers had been initialized at random times.
In most networking environments, RIP is not the preferred choice of routing protocol, as its time to converge and scalability are poor compared to EIGRP, OSPF, or IS-IS. However, it is easy to configure, because RIP does not require any parameters, unlike other protocols.
RIP uses the User Datagram Protocol (UDP) as its transport protocol, and is assigned the reserved port number 520.

Chlamydia muridarum is an intracellular bacterial species that at one time belonged to Chlamydia trachomatis.  However, C. trachomatis naturally only infects humans and C. muridarum naturally infects only members of the family Muridae (includes both mice and hamsters, Alderton, 1996).
Two strains of Chlamydia muridarum, MoPn (originally named Nigg) and SFPD, have been isolated from mice and hamsters. Glycogen production by both strains has been demonstrated. The chromosome and extrachromosomal plasmid of MoPn have been sequenced.
Chlamydia muridarum MoPn binds mAbs recognizing Chlamydia trachomatis MOMP vs4 core epitope (T) LNPT (IA). DNA sequence analysis indicates that these mAbs should recognize SFPD and that Chlamydia trachomatis B-serogroup mAbs specific for the vs4 epitope IAGAG should recognize SFPD. MoPn was isolated in 1942 from the lungs of asymptomatic albino Swiss mice and was subsequently shown to be capable of producing disease in mice. SFPD was obtained from a hamster, concurrent with a causative agent of proliferative ileitis. MoPn has been shown to be sensitive to sulfadiazine. In contrast to Chlamydia trachomatis, Chlamydia muridarum lacks a tryptophan operon. Due to this, Chlamydia muridarum responds to interferon gamma (IFN-) differently than Chlamydia trachomatis, which effects the degree to which the two different Chlamydia strains are inhibited in infected mice and humans, respectively.

102 Squadron "Panchos" (Esquadra 102) was an elementary flight training squadron of the Portuguese Air Force disbanded in 1992.  Formed in 1962, the squadron administered air force training and performed at air shows throughout Portugal.  Between 1963 and its disbandment in 1992, the squadron lost nine pilots.