Tung Hsiang-lung (traditional Chinese: ; simplified Chinese: ; pinyin: Dng Xinglng; born 21 September 1952) is a Taiwanese politician and retired Admiral. He has a doctoral degree in computer science from Northwestern University, a master degree from U.S. Naval Institute, and graduated from U.S. Naval War College.

Lalabad (Persian:  , also Romanized as Llbd; also known as Llehbd) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 190, in 34 families.

Pinhalzinho is a municipality in the state of So Paulo in Brazil. The population is 15,388 (2020 est.) in an area of 155 km. The elevation is 910 m.

An American Girl: Isabelle Dances Into the Spotlight is a 2014 musical family direct-to-video film, starring Erin Pitt as Isabelle Palmer; along with Melora Hardin, Grace Davidson, Devyn Nekoda, Genneya Walton, Alyssa Trask, Avery Trask, Daniel Fathers, Kolton Stewart, Mathew Edmondson, and Saara Chaudry. The eighth film in the American Girl series, it was directed by Vince Marcello with a screenplay by Jessica O'Toole and Amy Rardin.
An American Girl: Isabelle Dances Into the Spotlight was released on video on July 22, 2014, before being broadcast on Disney Channel on August 9, 2014.

Mark Edward Green (born November 8, 1964) is an American politician, physician, and retired U.S. Army major who has served as the U.S. representative for Tennessee's 7th congressional district since 2019. A member of the Republican Party, Green has chaired the Committee on Homeland Security since 2023. Before his election to Congress, he served in the Tennessee Senate from 2013 to 2018, representing the 22nd district.
After graduating from West Point, Green was an infantry officer. He then graduated from Boonshoft School of Medicine at Wright State University and became a flight surgeon, serving tours of duty in the War in Afghanistan and Iraq War. He wrote a book about his experience in Operation Red Dawn, in which Saddam Hussein was captured. After retiring from the military in 2006, Green became the CEO of a hospital emergency department staffing company.
Green first entered state politics in 2012 by defeating Democratic incumbent Tim Barnes for a seat in the Tennessee Senate. In 2017, President Donald Trump nominated Green to serve as the United States Secretary of the Army, but withdrew his nomination when comments Green had previously made came to light. When U.S. Representative Marsha Blackburn announced her candidacy for the United States Senate in 2018, Green announced his candidacy to succeed her. He was elected in November 2018.