Chinedum Onuoha (born 12 November 1986) is an English former professional footballer and television pundit for ESPN. He also works for Manchester City as a community ambassador. 
As a player he was a centre back, but could also play at right back or left back. Onuoha came through the academy at Manchester City going on to make 95 appearances in the Premier League over an 8 year-spell with the club. He also spent time playing in the top flight for Sunderland and Queens Park Rangers. He was part of the QPR team that were defeated 3-2 by his former club Manchester City on the final day of the 201112 season, with City winning the title in the final seconds of the game. He later won promotion back to the Premier League with QPR via the 2013-14 play-offs. He later spent several seasons in Major League Soccer for Real Salt Lake. He was capped at England U20 and England U21 levels.

Marie-Louise Fitzpatrick (born 2 March 1962) is an Irish writer and illustrator best known for children's novels. She has won 10 CBI Book of the Year Awards (formerly Bisto Awards), including 4 awards for Book of the Year.

A bong (also known as a water pipe) is a filtration device generally used for smoking cannabis, tobacco, or other herbal substances.  In the bong shown in the photo, the smoke flows from the lower port on the left to the upper port on the right.
In construction and function, a bong is similar to a hookah, except smaller and especially more portable. A bong may be constructed from any air- and water-tight vessel by adding a bowl and stem apparatus (or slide) which guides air downward to below water level whence it bubbles upward ("bubbler") during use. To get fresh air into the bong and harvest the last remaining smoke, a hole known as the "carburetor", "carb", "choke", "bink", "rush", "shotty", "kick hole", or simply "hole", somewhere on the lower part of the bong above water level, is first kept covered during the smoking process, then opened to allow the smoke to be drawn into the respiratory system. On bongs without such a hole, the bowl and/or the stem are removed to allow air from the hole that holds the stem.
Bongs have been in use by the Hmong in Laos and Thailand, as well all over Africa, for centuries. One of the earliest recorded uses of the word in the West is in the McFarland Thai-English Dictionary, published in 1944, which describes one of the meanings of bong in the Thai language as, "a bamboo waterpipe for smoking kancha, tree, hashish, or the hemp-plant". A January 1971 issue of the Marijuana Review also used the term.

Mahidhara Rammohana Rao was an Indian writer from Andhra Pradesh. His Telugu book Kollayi Gattitenemi?(What if he wears loin cloth only?) written in early 1960s won Andhra Pradesh Sahitya Academy award in 1969. The story of the book revolves around Congress lead Indian Independence movement. This book is translated into English with the title Swarajyam by Vegunta Mohan Prasad. He worked as a Sub-editor for the Andhra Communist Party mouthpiece Visalandhra in 1960s. His son Mahidhara Nalini Mohan is also a writer.

The 1987 British Grand Prix (formally the XL Shell Oils British Grand Prix) was a Formula One motor race held on 12 July 1987 at the Silverstone Circuit, Silverstone. It was the seventh race of the 1987 Formula One World Championship. It was the 42nd British Grand Prix and the 23rd to be held at Silverstone. The race was held over 65 laps of the 4.78-kilometre (2.97 mi) circuit for race distance of 311 kilometres (193 mi).
The race was won by local driver Nigel Mansell, driving a Williams-Honda. In one of his most memorable Formula One performances, Mansell hunted down Brazilian team-mate Nelson Piquet, who had started from pole position, with three laps remaining. It was Mansell's third win of the season, and his second consecutive British Grand Prix victory. Ayrton Senna finished third in his Lotus-Honda, one lap behind.
The win moved Mansell into second place in the Drivers' Championship, level on points with Piquet and one point behind Senna.