Etamulla  is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.

Lodge Zare Zapadu (Glow of the West) #44, known locally as Yellow Brick Hall and also known as Bohemian Brick Hall and Z.G.B.J. Council Hall #44, is a historic clubhouse of the Zapadni Ceska Bratrska Jednota serving the Czech-American community in rural Freeborn County, Minnesota, United States.
It is located on County Road #30 about 2.5 miles north of Myrtle in the southeastern part of Freeborn County.  It was built in 1909 and cost approximately $3,300.:2The building was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1986.  It was deemed significant as the last surviving one of three fraternal lodge buildings serving immigrants from Bohemia that was located in southeastern Freeborn County.  It was a social and cultural center that had an annual festival and parade, and it provided insurance to its members.:3In 1985, the stage area of the hall still included a historic mural painted by a Mr. Avery early in the 1900s depicting Karlstejn Castle in Bohemia.:2

Idea Bank (formerly Romanian International Bank) is a Romanian bank based in Bucharest.
Towards the end of 2013, Romanian International Bank was sold to Idea Bank, a Polish bank controlled by Getin Holding. In April 2014, its operations continued under the new Idea Bank brand.It was bought by Banca Transilvania in 2021.

Nephopterix thermalopha is a species of snout moth in the genus Nephopterix. It was described by Oswald Bertram Lower in 1903. It is found in Australia.

Kaguya-sama: Love Is War (Japanese:  , Hepburn: Kaguya-sama wa Kokurasetai - Tensai-tachi no Ren'ai Zunsen) is a 2019 Japanese film adaptation of a manga series of the same name by Aka Akasaka. It is directed by Hayato Kawai, distributed by Toho. On February 21, 2019, Shueisha announced that a live-action film adaptation for the series is in production. The film was premiered in Japan on September 6, 2019. Sho Hirano was announced for the role of Miyuki Shirogane, and Kanna Hashimoto was announced for the role of Kaguya Shinomiya. Hayato Kawai directed the film, Yichi Tokunaga wrote the screenplay, and principal photography was conducted for March to April 2019. The teaser visual poster was unveiled on May 3, 2019.