Ronald Waterman (born November 23, 1965) is an American former mixed martial artist, professional wrestler, and celebrity member of the Team Impact motivational group. He holds notable victories over Valentijn Overeem, Ricco Rodriguez, Kevin Randleman, and Mario Rinaldi. He was the only WEC Super Heavyweight Champion.

The concept of the primordial sandwich was proposed by the chemist Gnter Wchtershuser to describe the possible origins of the first cell membranes, and, therefore, the first cell.According to the two main models of abiogenesis, RNA world and iron-sulfur world, prebiotic processes existed before the development of the cell membrane. The difficulty with this idea, however, is that it is almost impossible to create a complex molecule such as RNA (or even its molecular precursor, pre-RNA) directly from simple organic molecules dissolved in a global ocean (Joyce, 1991), because without some mechanism to concentrate these organic molecules, they would be too dilute to generate the necessary chemical reactions to transform them from simple organic molecules into genuine prebiotic molecules.
To address this problem, Wchtershuser proposed that concentration might occur by concentration upon ("adsorption to") the surfaces of minerals. With the accumulation of enough amphipathic molecules (such as phospholipids), a bilayer will self-organize, and any molecules caught inside will become the contents of a liposome, and would be concentrated enough to allow chemical reactions to transform organic molecules into prebiotic molecules.
Although developed for his own iron-sulfur world model, the idea of the primordial sandwich has also been adopted by some adherents of the RNA world model.



Bostra igneusta is a species of snout moth in the genus Bostra. It was described by Charles Swinhoe in 1895 and is known from India.

Eugen Bircher (17 February 1882  20 October 1956) was a Swiss politician and military leader who became associated with a pro-German position in the inter-war years.

The Massacre in Zakroczym, Poland, took place on 28 September 1939 when, in spite of a cease-fire, soldiers of Panzerdivision Kempf stormed Polish positions at Zakroczym, where soldiers from the 2nd Infantry Division were getting ready to surrender. Hundreds of Polish soldiers were murdered. The rest were beaten and abused. Many civilians were killed or wounded. German troops broke into houses, robbed them, set on fire, and tossed hand grenades into the basements filled with scared civilians. Kazimierz Szczerbatko estimated, based on the testimony of the eyewitnesses, that the Germans killed around 500 soldiers and 100 civilians.
The massacre might have been revenge for the Battle of Mawa which cost the Germans 1,800 killed, 3,000 wounded, 1,000 missing, and where Panzer Division Kempf lost 72 tanks in spite of using Polish civilians as human shields chased in front of their tanks.