Raymond Lewington (born 7 September 1956) is an English football manager and former player. who is the current first-team coach of Premier League Club Crystal Palace
Born in London, he started his playing career in the city at Chelsea. He went on to play for Vancouver Whitecaps, Wimbledon, Sheffield United, and had two spells at Fulham, for whom he made 234 Football League appearances. In his second spell at Fulham Lewington was player-manager.  
Following the end of his time as a player he has spent most of the rest of his career as a coach or assistant manager, with spells at Crystal Palace and Fulham, as well as the England national football team. Outside of positions acting as caretaker, he has also been first team manager at Brentford and Watford.

Lake Segozero (Russian: , Finnish: Seesjrvi) is a large freshwater lake in the Republic of Karelia, northwestern part of Russia. It is located at 63.3N 33.75E / 63.3; 33.75. The Segezha is a major outflow from Segozero and it empties to Vygozero. After the hydroelectric power plant was built on Segezha River the surface area of Segozero have risen from 815 km to 906 km.

Sidney Mark Fliegelman (May 30, 1933  April 18, 2022), known professionally as Sid Mark, was an American radio disc jockey based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.  Mark was best known for hosting a weekly syndicated radio program featuring the music of singer Frank Sinatra, including commentary, interviews, trivia facts and other information to add color and context.

Mariana Sirvat Derderin Espinoza (born January 15, 1980) is a Chilean actress. She is best known for her protagonistic role in Floribella, the Chilean version of the Argentinian TV serie Floricienta (Flinderella).

Lithuania participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 with the song "Something" written and performed by Andrius Pojavis. The Lithuanian broadcaster Lithuanian National Radio and Television (LRT) organised the national final "Eurovizijos" dain konkurso nacionalin atranka (Eurovision Song Contest national selection) in order to select the Lithuanian entry for the 2013 contest in Malm, Sweden. The national final took place over ten weeks and involved 39 competing entries. In the final, seven entries remained and the winner was selected over two rounds of voting. In the first round, the combination of votes from a jury panel and a public vote selected the top three to qualify to the superfinal. In the superfinal, a jury vote entirely selected "Something" performed by Andrius Pojavis as the winner.
Lithuania was drawn to compete in the first semi-final of the Eurovision Song Contest which took place on 14 May 2013. Performing during the show in position 10, "Something" was announced among the top 10 entries of the first semi-final and therefore qualified to compete in the final on 18 May. It was later revealed that Lithuania placed ninth out of the 16 participating countries in the semi-final with 53 points. In the final, Lithuania performed in position 2 and placed twenty-second out of the 26 participating countries with 17 points.