Bnh trng or bnh a nem, a Vietnamese term (literally, coated bnh), sometimes called rice paper wrappers, rice crepes, rice wafers or nem wrappers, are edible Vietnamese wrappers used in Vietnamese cuisine, primarily in finger foods and appetizers such as Vietnamese nem dishes. The term rice paper wrappers can sometimes be a misnomer, as some banh trang wrappers are made from rice flour supplemented with tapioca flour or sometimes replaced completely with tapioca starch. The roasted version is bnh trng nng.



Lejbailat (Arabic: ; also spelled Al Jubailat and Al Jebailat) is a district in Qatar, located in the municipality of Doha. It has a relatively higher elevation compared to the rest of Doha and provides a vantage point of West Bay, one of Doha's main commercial districts. Imam Muhammad ibn Abd al-Wahhab Mosque, Qatar's state mosque, is situated in the district.

The 201920 Macedonian First League was the 28th season of the Macedonian First Football League, the highest football league of North Macedonia. It began on 11 August 2019 and was scheduled to be end in July 2020. Each team will play the other sides four times on home-away basis, for a total of 36 matches. Shkndija are the defending champions, having won their third title in 201819.
On 4 June 2020, the Football Federation of North Macedonia announced that the competition was abandoned due to the increasing number of COVID-19 cases in North Macedonia. Vardar was awarded the title, but no teams were relegated. The teams playing in Europe will be decided once the teams which successfully obtain a UEFA licence are known.

Arturo Riccardi (30 October 1878  20 December 1966) was an Italian admiral during the Second World War, serving as the Ministry of Marine Director General of Personnel from 1935 to 1940 and Under Secretary of State of the Navy from 1941 until 1943. A specialist of aerial warfare, Riccardi frequently worked with senior German naval officers on the defense of the Italian peninsula.

A. K. Shastry (Anant Krishna Shastry) was an Indian historian in the state of Karnataka, India.