The CD Single Box is a compilation compact disc box set by the English rock band Queen released exclusively in Japan on 26 April 1991 by EMI Records.

The Juneau Raptor Center (JRC) was a raptor rehabilitation center in Juneau in the U.S. state of Alaska. Founded in 1987 and located in the Tongass National Forest, its mission was the rehabilitation of sick and injured eagles, hawks, falcons, owls, ravens, hummingbirds and other avian wildlife brought in from Juneau and Southeast Alaska. The JRC was licensed by the US Fish and Wildlife Service to handle eagles and migratory birds, and was governed in part by the Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act and the Migratory Bird Treaty Act of 1918.The Juneau Raptor Center was a private, 501(c)(3), nonprofit organization which relied on donations for its financial survival and day-to-day operation, accepting donated funds and food. Contributions have included US$10,000 from the US Fish and Wildlife Service toward its building fund, and food for the recovering birds' dietary requirements.The Juneau Raptor Center ceased operations in 2022.



Alpha Zulu is the seventh studio album by French indie pop band Phoenix, released on 4 November 2022 through Loyaut and Glassnote Records. Self-produced by the band, it is their first album since 2017's Ti Amo. The singles "Identical", "Alpha Zulu", "Tonight", and "Winter Solstice" preceded the album. The band embarked on a tour in support of the album, which visited North America, the UK and Europe in late 2022, with another tour of North America set to commence in August 2023. The album received critical acclaim.

Labidodemas is a genus of marine sea cucumbers in the family Holothuriidae. The genus was erected by Emil Selenka in 1867.

The Barbo (Latin: Barbus) were Venetian patrician family prominent between the 14th and 16th centuries.One branch, the Barbo von Waxenstein, settled in the Duchy of Carniola in the Holy Roman Empire in the late 15th century. They were raised to the rank of imperial counts by the Emperor Leopold II in 1674.