Butsneve (Ukrainian: ) in a village in Khmelnytskyi Raion, Khmelnytskyi Oblast, Ukraine.According to the 2001 Ukrainian Census, the population was 409 (down from 488 in 1989).

Nigel Leigh Cox (born 1945 in Surrey) is an English consultant rheumatologist and one of the few doctors in Britain to have been charged with attempted murder. In 1992 he was convicted of the attempted murder of patient Lillian Boyes, and received a suspended sentence.

Receiving Party Pays is a payment model set basically in the cellular market, that states that the payment for an incoming call is set on the receiver. That model differs from "Calling party pays" in which the caller is the one who pays for the other side receiving it.
The total cost of each call placed by a subscriber of a Mobile Network Operator (MNO) is split in two parts. The first part is the amount that the caller's provider is charging in order to provide the service to the calling party. The second part is the mobile termination rates (MTRs) that the provider of the call-receiver demands to deliver a call. Concerning the MTRs, in some parts of North America and Asia the Receiving party pays (RPP) instead of the Calling party pays (CPP) principle is applied. In contrast to the CPP principle, in RPP the callee is asked to pay for the termination cost or in some cases to share a part of this cost with the caller. Initially this approach sounds fair, especially in the scope of the callee payment for the call receiving service, while he is mobile and not located in his home network. Furthermore, a subscriber is free to compare termination rates of each MNO and to make his choice before the establishment of a contract with a MNO. Thereby, the mobile termination rates market seems to allow for competition.
However, the question of how a called party could avoid paying for unwanted calls (e.g., advertisements, tele-sales, or polls) is raised. The answer is that it is the callee's responsibility to distinguish which calls are important and should be accepted and which should be rejected. This is only one of the RPP side effects  that feared to slow-down the mobile sector in the past. The RPP principle may add an extra degree of freedom in the mobile call charges, since the termination rate is not a part of the total cost that the caller has to pay. However, it is also adding a considerably big overhead for consumers such as the provider selection decision, while considering the callee role.

Ruth Mary Clarisse Cholmondeley, Lady Delamere (ne Ashley, formerly Cunningham-Reid and Gardner; 	22 July 1906  10 October 1986), was a British heiress and socialite. A granddaughter of German-Jewish banker Sir Ernest Cassel, she inherited an estate including a large manor house in Six Mile Bottom and half of her grandfather's fortune (valued at approximately 50 million in 2020). The Cincinnati Enquirer referred to her as "England's wealthiest girl" when reporting on her first marriage to Captain Alec Cunningham-Reid. She was married three times, becoming a peeress after her third marriage to Thomas Cholmondeley, 4th Baron Delamere. Lady Delamere was the younger sister of Edwina Mountbatten, Countess Mountbatten of Burma.

Tik Pish (Persian:  , also Romanized as Tk Psh) is a village in Nargesan Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 24, in 5 families.