The 202122 season was the 132nd season in the existence of Servette FC and the club's third consecutive season in the top flight of Swiss football. In addition to the domestic league, Servette participated in this season's editions of the Swiss Cup and the UEFA Europa Conference League.

Herbert Benson (April 24, 1935  February 3, 2022) was an American medical doctor, cardiologist, and founder of the Mind/Body Medical Institute at Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH) in Boston. He was a professor of mind/body medicine at Harvard Medical School and director emeritus of the Benson-Henry Institute (BHI) at MGH. He was a founding trustee of The American Institute of Stress. He contributed more than 190 scientific publications and 12 books. More than five million copies of his books have been printed in different languages.Started in 1998, Benson became the leader of the so-called "Great Prayer Experiment," or technically the "Study of the Therapeutic Effects of Intercessory Prayer (STEP)." The result published in 2006 concluded that intercessory prayer has no beneficial effect on patients with coronary artery bypass graft surgery. He, however, continued to believe that prayer has positive health benefits.Benson coined relaxation response (and wrote a book by the same title) as a scientific term for the reversion of the physical stress response that can be elicited by meditation, and he used it to describe the ability of the body to stimulate relaxation of muscle and organs.

Suriname is located in the northern part of South America and is part of Caribbean South America, bordering the North Atlantic Ocean, between French Guiana and Guyana. It is mostly covered by tropical rainforest, containing a great diversity of flora and fauna that, for the most part, are increasingly threatened by new development. There is a relatively small population, most of which live along the coast.

A mouth mirror or dentist's mirror is an instrument used in dentistry. The head of the mirror is usually round, and the most common sizes used are No. 4 ( 18  mm) and No. 5 ( 20  mm).  A No. 2  is sometimes used when a smaller mirror is needed, such as when working on back teeth with a dental dam in place.  The mouth mirror has a wide range of uses.  Three of its most important functions are allowing indirect vision by the dentist, reflecting light onto desired surfaces, and retraction of soft tissues. There exist 2 different norms of the thread that are not compatible with each other. The US norm has a taper thread and is mostly used in the United States, Canada, Spain, and South Korea.Indirect vision is needed in certain locations of the mouth where visibility is difficult or impossible.  The posterior (or lingual) surfaces of the anterior maxillary teeth is a notable area where mouth mirrors are often used.  Other areas of the mouth can be viewed more readily with the mouth mirror, even though it would be possible to see them if the dentist or dental hygienist adjusted their body into a poor position.  Without the mouth mirror, poor body positioning would occur daily and lead to chronic postural problems, especially in the back and neck.
Other areas of the mouth are difficult to light, even with overhead dentists' lights. The mouth mirror is used in these cases to reflect light onto those surfaces. This is especially useful if the mirror is also being used for indirect vision of a dark area.
Furthermore, the mouth mirror is used to retract tissues such as the tongue or cheeks to improve visibility of the teeth.
Dentist's mirrors are also commonly used by engineers to allow vision in tight spaces and around corners in equipment. They are a common tool in optics and laser labs as well.

Ammatucha longilepigera is a species of snout moth in the genus Ammatucha. It was described by Ren & Li, in 2006, and is known from China.