Percy Mollineux Bayley (21 December 1879 – 16 August 1942) was an Australian politician. He was a member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly from 1915 to 1920.Bayley was born at Franklin, Tasmania, the son of James Mollineux Bayley and his wife Mary Alice (née Frencham). He was educated at Brisbane Grammar School and then attended the Gatton Agricultural College, where he studied cheese and butter making. Following his graduation from Gatton, he was appointed manager of the Pittsworth Co-Op Dairy Association in 1899. Bayley successfully expanded the company's operations, establishing branches across the district and turning around the company's fortunes, although an attempt at establishing a butter factory was less successful.Bayley, a member of the Queensland Farmers Union, won the seat of Pittsworth in the Queensland Legislative Assembly at the 1915 state election. He was seriously injured in a motorcycle accident in the same year, suffering head injuries so severe that "his recovery was regarded as miraculous". Bayley was re-elected as an "Independent Nationalist" in 1918 after a deal to swap contingency votes with the endorsed National candidate. However, in 1920, with the increasing formalisation of a Country Party, he fell out with the Primary Producers' Union over the holding of a preselection plebiscite, withdrew his name from contention, and contested the election as an "Independent Country Party" candidate. He was soundly defeated at the 1920 election by endorsed Country Party candidate Cecil Roberts. Bayley was the chairman of the Pittsworth State School Committee, and one of his achievements as a state MP was achieving the relocation of the school to a more suitable site.Bayley became a farmer after his political career, owning a property at Brookstead for many years before selling and purchasing a property at Oakey. He worked the Oakey property with one of his sons until his death. He died at Quinalow in 1942 and was buried in the Drayton and Toowoomba Cemetery.Bayley married Mary Elizabeth Evans (died 1968) on 6 September 1904 and together had two sons and three daughters.His sister, Irene Longman, was the first woman to stand and be elected to the Queensland Parliament, while his brother, James Bayley, was a long-serving federal MP who also had a brief stint as a state MP.

Mortimer is a Canadian unincorporated community, located in Kent County, New Brunswick. The community is situated in southeastern New Brunswick, Between Moncton and Nouvelle-Arcadie. Mortimer is located mainly at the intersection of Route 126 and Route 116, also known as the Salmon River Road and the Beckwith Road.

Beam bridges are the simplest structural forms for bridge spans supported by an abutment or pier at each end. No moments are transferred throughout the support, hence their structural type is known as simply supported.
The simplest beam bridge could be a log (see log bridge), a wood plank, or a stone slab (see clapper bridge) laid across a stream. Bridges designed for modern infrastructure will usually be constructed of steel or reinforced concrete, or a combination of both. The concrete elements may be reinforced, prestressed or post-tensioned. Such modern bridges include girder, plate girder, and box girder bridges, all types of beam bridges.
Types of construction could include having many beams side by side with a deck across the top of them, to a main beam either side supporting a deck between them. The main beams could be I-beams, trusses, or box girders. They could be half-through, or braced across the top to create a through bridge.

Because no moments are transferred, thrust (as from an arch bridge) cannot be accommodated, leading to innovative designs, such as lenticular trusses and bow string arches, which contain the horizontal forces within the superstructure.
Beam bridges are not limited to a single span. Some viaducts such as the Feiyunjiang Bridge in China have multiple simply supported spans supported by piers. This is opposed to viaducts using continuous spans over the piers.
Beam bridges are often only used for relatively short distances because, unlike truss bridges, they have no built in supports. The only supports are provided by piers. The farther apart its supports, the weaker a beam bridge gets. As a result, beam bridges rarely span more than 250 feet (80 m). This does not mean that beam bridges are not used to cross great distances; it only means that a series of beam bridges must be joined together, creating what is known as a continuous span.

Francis Edgar Jones MBE FRS, (16 January 1914 – 10 April 1988) was a British physicist who co-developed the Oboe blind bombing system.

Rob Bakker, better known by his stage name Muneshine, is a Canadian recording artist, record producer, DJ and mix engineer and performer. Since 2005, Muneshine has released three major label projects in Japan, and contributed production and vocal appearances on more. His sales in this territory exceed 40,000 units His first release (Phocus – A Vision and a Plan) debuted on HMV Japan's hip hop charts at No. 8. Since then, Muneshine has collaborated with a number of popular American hip hop musicians, including Pete Rock, Sean Price, DJ Spinna, Buckwild, Guilty Simpson, Nature, and Rob Swift.