Francisco Javier Winthuysen y Pineda (born El Puerto de Santa Mara, 1747 - Died off Cape St. Vincent, 1797) was a Spanish naval officer.

Typhoon Cary, known as Typhoon Ising in the Philippines, was the second of two tropical cyclones to affect Vietnam in a week. An area of disturbed weather developed southwest of Pohnpei on August 6, 1987. The system initially remained disorganized, but by August 14, Cary had attained tropical storm intensity. After initially moving north-northwest, Cary turned west-northwest, although intensification was slow to occur. On August 15, Cary was upgraded into a typhoon, and on August 17, the typhoon peaked in intensity. Typhoon Cary then made landfall in northern Luzon while at peak intensity. Across the Philippines, 954 houses were damaged and an additional 89 were destroyed, which left 55,567 people, or 13,247 families that were either homeless or otherwise sought shelter. Five people died in the country while damage totaled $5.58 million (1987 USD), including $1.45 million from agriculture and $4.13 million from infrastructure. The storm weakened over land, but re-intensified into a typhoon over the South China Sea. On August 21, Typhoon Cary passed just south of Hainan, where hundreds of homes were damaged but no fatalities occurred, and subsequently entered the Gulf of Tonkin. The storm weakened as it approached Vietnam, and on August 23, the storm dissipated inland over Laos. Across Vietnam, almost 40,000 ha (98,840 acres) of land were flooded or destroyed. Twenty people were killed and many others were injured.

kinci pk (Ikinji Ipak) is a village in the Lachin District of Azerbaijan.

1 (one, unit, unity) is a number representing a single or the only entity. 1 is also a numerical digit and represents a single unit of counting or measurement. For example, a line segment of unit length is a line segment of length 1. In conventions of sign where zero is considered neither positive nor negative, 1 is the first and smallest positive integer. It is also sometimes considered the first of the infinite sequence of natural numbers, followed by 2, although by other definitions 1 is the second natural number, following 0.
The fundamental mathematical property of 1 is to be a multiplicative identity, meaning that any number multiplied by 1 equals the same number. Most if not all properties of 1 can be deduced from this. In advanced mathematics, a multiplicative identity is often denoted 1, even if it is not a number. 1 is by convention not considered a prime number; this was not universally accepted until the mid-20th century. Additionally, 1 is the smallest possible difference between two distinct natural numbers.
The unique mathematical properties of the number have led to its unique uses in other fields, ranging from science to sports. It commonly denotes the first, leading, or top thing in a group.

Eastern Orthodoxy in Ecuador refers to adherents, communities and organizations of Eastern Orthodox Christianity in Ecuador, canonical or not. Although the dominant religion in Ecuador is historically Roman Catholicism, in recent decades, other Christian denominations have gained adherents there, specially from Pentecostal protestant denominations. 
Currently, there are two canonical Eastern Orthodox communities in Ecuador, the Serbian and Russian. Besides that, there are also two Old Calendarist, non-canonical, Orthodox communities operating in the country that belongs to Ukraine and Greece.
Although there are no exact figures for the number of Orthodox faithful in the country, according to a report by the newspaper El Universo in 2017, it is estimated that there are at least more than 400 parishioners in Guayaquil, mostly descendants of Palestinians, in addition to people converted to Orthodoxy. However, the activities of the Orthodox Church in Ecuador are few due to the growth of evangelical denominations, the entrenchment of the Roman Catholic faithful, in addition to the attempts of various jurisdictions of the Roman Catholic Church in the country to warn their parishioners of the activities of other denominations called catholic, as it has happened within the Old Catholic Church and the Episcopal Church.