Pachanali is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2985 living in 556 individual households.

The starry pipefish (Halicampus punctatus) is a species of marine fish of the family Syngnathidae. It is endemic to Japan, found near Honshu, Kyushu, and Okinawa, where it lives in open sandy areas near reefs. It can grow to lengths of 17 centimetres (6.7 in). It is expected to feed on small crustaceans, similar to other pipefish. This species is ovoviviparous, with males carrying eggs before giving birth to live young. Males may brood at around 10 centimetres (3.9 in).

Coldwater Lake is a barrier lake on the border of Cowlitz County and Skamania County, Washington in the United States. The lake was created during the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens, which blocked its natural outlet, Coldwater Creek, with volcanic debris. It is one of several lakes in the area that were created or otherwise enlarged by the eruption.

The Rivers State Monorail, also known as Rivers Monorail and occasionally as Port Harcourt Monorail, is a partially built monorail urban transportation project in Port Harcourt, Rivers State, Nigeria.  Three station and connecting guideway of Phase 1a were constructed and one vehicle was delivered but the line never went into operation and development stopped in 2016. 
The project was announced in 2011 and construction commenced in 2012.  As of September 2017 construction has only been partially completed despite $400 million having been spent and the project is at a standstill.  Some reports says the project will never be completed.  As of 2021 news reports indicate the project has been abandoned.

The action of 24 October 1798 was a minor naval engagement of the French Revolutionary Wars, fought between a British Royal Navy frigate and two ships of the Batavian Navy. The Dutch ships were intercepted in the North Sea within hours of leaving port, 30 nautical miles (56 km) northwest of the Texel, by the British ship HMS Sirius. Both Dutch vessels were carrying large quantities of military supplies and French soldiers, reinforcements for the French and Irish forces participating in the Irish Rebellion of 1798. Although the rebellion had been defeated a month earlier, word of the British victory had not yet reached the European continent, and the Dutch force was intended to supplement a larger French squadron sent earlier in October. The French had already been defeated at the Battle of Tory Island and the Dutch suffered a similar outcome, both ships defeated in turn by the larger and better armed British vessel.
Captain Richard King on Sirius discovered the Dutch ships early on 24 October, when they were separated by 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) and thus unable to mutually support one another. Targeting the smaller ship, Waakzaamheid, King was able to outrun her in an hour and force her to surrender without a fight. Turning his attention on the larger vessel, Furie, King rapidly overhauled her as well and opened a heavy fire, to which Furie was only able to ineffectively reply. Within half an hour she too had surrendered. Both ships were taken to Britain, repaired and commissioned in the Royal Navy. The defeat ended the last effort by the continental nations to land soldiers in Ireland, and signified the last action of the Irish Rebellion.